Yeah.
Hello and welcome to the high school Weekly
podcast. I'm your host, Taylor Foss. AC. I'm
the lead engineer at I t Pro TV, which is an
e learning platform for I t. Professionals with me
today is one of the engineers on my team. Cameron Gara.
Welcome camp. Hey, man, how's it going? It's going
good. Thanks for being on the show today. Of course, man.
>> Well, you know, it's still October.
We've been doing this podcast again for three
weeks, and we're still in October. Which means
we are still in hack Tober Fest,
which is an awesome opportunity for us to contribute to the
open source world and really just make a
difference in these projects that may not have
as much dev time going into them. So
for us, it gives us a chance to learn a swell
as contribute to these projects. Um, eso won
awesome project. Just learn for high school, which is put on by
Kucinich. And it's an opportunity for
people to be a part of Octoberfest and also learn
high school at the same time. So if you're
interested, go check it out at learn for high
school. I think you can Google that, um you can also check it
out on quiet Excite. I believe they have
some links as well, but it's a good opportunity for us
to, you know, contribute learn high school
and get a free T shirt. So, you know, we all love free
T shirts around here.
>> Sure do. I'm wearing a free T shirt right now, and it feels great.
>> Yeah, e guess I am. I'm we're gonna work
t shirt, which is free to me. So that's always
nice. Yeah, awesome. Well, Taylor, what are we
talking about today?
>> Today we are talking about a block post by
Chris Pinar called Silly Job interview
Questions in Haskell If you haven't heard of
him before. Chris Penner is the author of a
book called Optics by example where he does
a deep dive on optics and lenses and
Haskell how to use them. How to get familiar with
him.
>> Yeah, so, you know, he kind of talks
about, you know, the interview
questions that are part of the interview process
and in the interview process. If you're looking for any kind of
job, um, you know, in the tech job in particular,
you're gonna generally have kind of, ah, general
interview kind of understanding who you are. You have a culture
fit interview with kind of the team you're gonna be a part of.
And then you'll also have a technical interview where
you can kind of get asked and challenged
in various ways in the various programming
language you may be in contact with in that job role.
Um, and so for a lot of high school jobs, you're gonna come across
some of these high school
problems and be able to solve them quickly If you
kind of reviewed this block post. And, you know, I
think he does a great job here of,
you know, kind of giving us the general
idea behind why he made the
decisions he made. And a swell is like a good
variety of the questions that you could be asked
and yeah, just just to jump
in the first one was the palindrome,
which, in high school I mean, can't get any
easier than that, Right? Taylor,
>> you sure can't. This is this is so easy
because all the functions you need are in the prelude, and you don't
have to string too many of them together to get an answer. But I
was gonna ask you, Cam, what's your favorite palindrome?
>> Probably race car, which is, you know, kind of
the only one I can think of at the moment. But it's in the also in the
block post, so you know, it's a
little bit a cop out, but I would say race cars a good one for
me. What about you?
>> I like Taco Cat. It's also short to the
point. I know there are some extremely long
palindromes, but yeah, that's that's besides the
point. Um, so Chris shows a
solution for the palindrome question here, which
I guess if you're not familiar with the Palindrome, it's something that has
the same order of letters, forwards and backwards. So
like racecar as an example r a c
e c a r. That goes the same forwards and
backwards. So the way that he,
uh, solves this problem is by
comparing the original string with the reversed
version of the string. And if they're equal, then it's the same forwards and
backwards Super easy.
>> Yep. Yep. I think that was Ah. Ah, great
solution. Very straight to the point. Um,
and you know, it's not bad when you could get one line of
code solve, you know, quote unquote. The
technical interview,
>> Yeah, especially if you're answering this on like a white board. You know,
if your handwriting's really bad, this one's an easy one to knock out.
>> Yeah, and I think it does provide
for a good ability to explain it to
write. Uh, that's kind of the point of these technical interviews
will be coming across, and for those who have come across it,
you already know it's just about kind of giving your
verbal processing out and allowing you know, the team that you're
gonna be joining to kind of hear and understand and see how you
solve a problem. So he kind of talks and starts
with, you know, the easy one of the palindrome on, and then it kind
of takes another step forward, right?
What's the next one that he talks about?
>> The next question is fizz buzz, and I'm sure a
lot of people are already nodding along because they're familiar with this
one. But if you haven't haven't heard of it
before, the question is where the problem is to
print out the 1st 100 numbers, so one through
100. But if the number is divisible by
three, you print out the string fizz,
and if it's divisible by five, you print out buzz.
And if it's divisible by both you print out fizz
buzz. So pretty simple problem.
But a surprising number of candidates
can't answer this one. So it's good to see a Haskell solution
here.
>> Yeah, it definitely like when you hear the explanation. It kind of can
make you squirm a little bit. But if you really listen
to the problem, what it's asking, it's not too bad.
And you just gotta, I think with every big problem you got
to solve or any problem you have to solve, you know, you just gotta take one
step at a time, you know, figure out all right, what do I need to
do first? And then you can build on that, And I think high school
kind of allows you to do that pretty well on day for
his solution. He actually takes some time to use
guards, which, if you aren't familiar with guards, you know,
they're kind of a, you know, in line pattern matching per
se, um, and that allow you to,
you know, do some comparison check.
And, you know, if it equals
true, then you about you go
proceed to that line of code. Um, and so here
he kind of, you know, goes one step at a time with, you
know, some sort of secondary function that he's gonna iterate over.
You know, this list of 1 to 100 with that? He
does, you know, a check of, you know, the number of
mod three. And number five. If those both equals
zero, then he prints out fizz buzz. If not, you know,
he goes the next case, which the next case, he's doing the
mod three check. So if mod three of that number
equals zero, then it's gonna print out fizz.
Same with five when he's gonna print out Buzz.
So you know, he's got these
cases that if they
evaluated, true that, that's what is returned. If
not, none of those cases returned. True, he's just gonna
print out that number. And so it's
pretty straightforward. Um, one interesting thing, though
Taylor is that he decided to use for
underscore from data dot foldable. Where? For
me? I would have probably used just map out of
Prelude. Um, that doesn't you know, it's
pretty much the same as four underscore, but with
reversed arguments, right?
>> Yeah, In fact, four is defined as
flip map. So the fact that he reached for
four here suggests to me that he's trying to reach out to
an audience that may not be familiar with Haskell to write code that
looks a little more imperative, even though, really, behind the
scenes. It's still that functional goodness that we we
all know and love, Um, and a quick note on what you were talking about
with the guards. One of things that's really great about them is they
match top to bottom. So, like you were saying, you
can process thes and you add
the cases that you go by and you can think, Okay, I'll start with mod
three and then mod 50 wait. I forgot about mod three and five, So
I'll go put that one at the top. So it's just like an if else chain
in a regular imperative programming language.
>> Yep. And I think a lot of these functions, you know, as we
continue to talk about them, you know, would be good for
people to kind of go and reason about yourself and try to solve
it. Uh, maybe even before reading this black post
to just kind of see if you can solve it. Obviously, we're
talking about it here. So you have a general idea of maybe what? To
dio, But it could be good to kind of just put that
into practice, Um, and just kind of create that
quick little solution, um, that you can kind
of just have in your back pocket. So he then
moves on, obviously to, um, something
else, Something else. Even more complicated. And he
it's called some up to end numbers,
which when I first passed over
it, I was like, Okay, like, I get that. I wasn't
sure how he reasoned about, You know, obviously, I
have to read the full question. That's part of solving these
problems. You know, you have to read the full question.
Um, after my second passed, I realized,
you know, it's always just a combination of three letters or
no letters. Numbers. I mean, numbers,
right. And that is
I was like, OK, cool. I'm gonna be taking a list of numbers
and trying to find a combination of three numbers
that equal some total, some
specific total. Um, And
so you know, if I'm gonna kind of attack this
problem before we move on to the solution like I'm gonna think.
Okay, I've got a list of numbers
and I need to find all the combinations
of all combinations of
these numbers that include three, right.
So I need to chunk them into groups of three
and every combination of that. And so
that's kind of what I would attack first,
Which I think he actually ended up tackling us
Well, on, then I would have come back and, you know,
tried toe iterating over that new list
of list and fine, you know, find the sum of
each list and see if it equals the total which
actually ends up being what he he does.
Eso it sounds like I'm just copping out here
and, you know, using his solution. But when I first read the
problem, I didn't look at the solution, and that's kind of my
process, uh, that I was would have proceeded
with, but obviously he has a solution right there. So
I just kept reading. And there it waas.
>> Yeah, that's a good solution to this problem because you're breaking it
down into components, and I think that's
starting with the more complicated component.
Namely, coming up with the combinations of the elements of the
input list is a good way to go because the second part
of figuring out if a list sums to
some particular number and then including or excluding it based
on that is pretty easy. So, you know, once you've
got that nice head of steam built up from doing this
hard combination stuff, then you finish it off
with a nice and easy desert of just figuring out if these add up to the right
thing.
>> Yeah, an interesting thing. And, you know, high school
is there is something called
permutations, um, a function called
permutations that will take a list and give you all of its
permutations. But that's not quite the
combinations. And, you know, if you look
in package or Google for
combinations, you're probably not gonna find one
in, you know, a standard library. You may find one in
some specialized package, but you know
there's not going to generally be an easy
combinations function you could reach for. And so he
takes the time here and kind of explains and
how he would have created a combinations
function. Uh, you know, obviously, Rikers in is a
big thing, you know, functions calling themselves
until they find the solution and then returning that solution. It
was nice to see all these. You know, this solution. He has very good
comments and stuff like that. Uh, but could
you kind of explain a little bit more on, like, what's happening in
this combinations function?
>> Sure. So this whole problem is
quite a bit more complicated than the fizz buzz one and the
combinations. Part of it, like I mentioned earlier, is definitely the
more complicated sub problem.
But when you break it down into the
three kind of base cases you have to cover,
it turns out to be surprisingly simple. So
the combinations function as he's given it
gives you, or it takes a number
as of like, how many things to
include per group. And then it takes your input list with
all of the things in it, and you output a list of lists. So a
list of combinations of things. And,
as is typical with implementing recursive
functions, you start with the base case. So the base cases you're asking
for zero things. There's exactly one way
to give you zero things. So you return a list
with the empty list as it's only element,
and then we'll gloss over the recursive call for right
now. But the other base case is where
you're asking for a combination of some
number of things. But your input list is
empty, and in that case you cannot provide any
combination. So you return the empty list. So those
two base cases under our belt it's pretty easy then, to
go on to the, um, recursive
step where what you're doing is
grabbing one element off the front of that
list and cons
ing it. So like making it the first element of,
uh, the recursive call onto the rest of the
list for one less elements. So let's say you're looking
out to a list of two elements, and you grab the first
one and then for every other element, enlist you
or every other combination of the list. Rather, you add that element
onto the front, um, and then in
addition to that, you do another recursive call.
So this combinations function every
step. It calls itself twice. So it's
very recursive. Um, yeah,
it's It's a little difficult to just explain without looking at the
code. But again, with recursive
functions, it's important to focus on those base cases. And
then, uh, the recursive step will hopefully be clearer
because you want to get to those base cases.
>> Nice. Awesome. Well, I appreciate you taking that time. Yeah. Like like you
said, it's a little hard to explain code that's
written because, you know, it's a little easier just to
see it and kind of process that way. But,
you know, a classic thing that happens in
these technical interviews is they say
Okay, well, now this part's gonna change
and, you know, say, for this function, we want
all combinations of any length which some
to the target number, you know?
What are you going to do there? What? What's gonna have to
change in our current implementation to make
this work right? I mean, we're in high school. So is there something
fun and easy and quick we can do to make this work?
>> I don't know. If it were me, I would probably be scrambling in the
interview. And I would just say, Take the length of the input
list and call combinations for each
zero up to that length. And then, boom, you've got all the
combinations. Did you have something else in mind? No,
that's perfect, because that's the answer. Alright. I
passed
>> nice through that one through that one at you, man. You
weren't quite ready for it. But, you know, I think you figured you could handle it.
You're pretty. Live in your feet.
>> I think we've got a good handle on that question. Should we move on to the
next one?
>> I'd say so. Yeah. Why not? So we've
got check if two strings
are anagrams.
Oh, anagrams.
>> And what is an anagram? I
>> don't know. What's an anagram?
Actually, I believe it's
two words that have the same
letters. Um, I right. Or am I right?
>> I think you're right. But there's
additional wrinkle there where they have to have the same
number of the same letters. So, like, you know, if
it has to s is in it, you gotta have two s is you can't just
have an s
>> see Okay. Yeah, that that definitely is a little bit
of a wrinkle. But yet again, Haskell
comes to the rescue. In my opinion, I think it's,
ah, quite a pleasant solution.
They're here. They're here that he created that actually ended
up only being two lines of code A type signature
and a function definition.
>> Yeah, it's very short. And it's similar to the palindrome
question. You know, the first one. Because
everything we need Well, we could solve this
using just the prelude, but he actually reaches for this
nice higher order function that's available from the data
dot function module. And the function is called
on, and it lets you take a binary
function in this case equals
and apply it by first applying another
function to both arguments and then applying that operator. So in
this case, we're calling equals. But before we do that, we wanna call
sort on both of our arguments. And why is it that we wanna
call sort camp?
>> Well, because obviously we want to get those
letters to be in the same order and then do a
comparison of those lists,
right? And if those lister equal we returned
true. If not, we bail out. And the
awesome thing about high school, too, is that because it's
lazy, as soon as it finds a case where it's no longer
equal, these two lists are no longer equal. It bails
out, so that saves you a little bit on. You know,
the performance issue on Do you know this
isn't necessarily the most performance code
anyone's ever written, but it definitely will solve
the problem in a pinch. Um, you know,
because obviously, sorting a list isn't
the most effective
way too well. It's in a very
effective way to do comparisons of something,
something that can be considered a list. But it also
has a bigger notation of in
log, in which it's a little longer
than you know some people want to deal with.
>> This is something people often point to as a upside of
laziness by default, where you can have
a sort function that lazily produces
its output and some other function that
lazily consumes its input,
and the sort function is only going to do as much
work as is required to give
enough stuff to that other function to use. So in this
case, equals is the function that's consuming the output of
sort. So if on the very first letter equals says,
well, these aren't the same, then we're not an anagram. So I'm just going
to stop there. Sort isn't gonna bother sorting
the entire rest of the list. Uh, it
might, depending on the shape of the input list and everything, but in
general, it probably won't. So that that's super nice. You don't have to
do any fancy, like early return type stuff or anything like
that. It just It just does it.
>> So nice. So nice. Um, well, yeah.
Cool. Well, the solution that he kind of
links to that was the inspiration for this question.
Yeah, some java solution. That was
ah, lot of lines of code. Um, you know,
and and, you know, he mentions here. He doesn't
know which ones faster. Um, you know, he
imagines the Java ones probably faster because of some of the
considerations they did, but he's didn't
benchmark them, so he doesn't really know.
Um, so I mean, could be curious to
see if lazy high school
evaluation, you know, allows for the
same benchmarks. Um, that
he you know, he that would come from this job. A solution
that is mentioned. Um
well, cool. Yeah, I think that kind of wraps up anagram
problem pretty, pretty cleanly
and allows us to, you know,
know how toe Do some quick
comparisons. Um, you know, obviously the
reverse. You know, the palindrome is another kind of
string comparison, and then that these anagram wants to string
comparison. So, you know, these things in
high school aren't too difficult to deal with because of, you know,
the built in functionality, the laziness, the,
uh, just general ease of
composition, even, you know, allows us not to have to
have too much boilerplate and, uh, too
much code, but yeah, so I think that's
cool. Then they have one more that we're gonna
quickly talk on. No, we have
two more that we were quickly talking.
Apologize. Um,
we're gonna touch quickly on them. So just not
too long. Because I would love for us to kind of get a little work, you
know, chat about our experience and maybe some
other things you could do to practice, um, high school
and be able to be prepared for an interview like this. But
there's a Min max problem. And then he
also talks about the word frequency
problem. So, Taylor, would you
give us a quick synopsis of one
or both of these?
>> I'd be happy to. So the Min and Max problem
is given a list of things that can be
compared. Return me a couple with the
greatest element in them and the least element in them, or
the minimum and the maximum. The immediate solution that
comes to mind is the one he goes for first year, which is
make a double call minimum on one of them and
maximum sorry minimum on the input list and maximum on the input
list. And that works great, has some downsides.
In particular, it will walk over the list
twice, wants to look for the men and wants to look for the max.
And if your input list is empty, it's gonna explode.
So he spends some time fixing
up some of those issues, which I think is great, and
it's worth pointing out that he's able to use fold
map here in some of the interim solutions
because there's actually mongoloids for expressing the
minimum or maximum element. And so, if you wrap everything
up in those you can fold map everything together. If you want to
learn more about monologues, go listen to our previous podcast, where
we get drunk on mongoloids. Hmm. And then
the other final problem is about word
frequency, and this one, like the
sum up Thio in Problem is a little more complicated. There's
more moving pieces involved, but
fortunately again, high school kind of saves us here. It's not in the
prelude. It's not in the base library, but it isn't a boot
library called containers. And in there there's
a data structure for maps. And that's what he reaches for here
to take an input list and then
build a map where the key is a word in
there, and the value is how often it shows up.
And this is something that we do so
often in, you know, interview code in riel
code. I'm kind of surprised there's not a functioning containers
already to do this, not specifically for strings, but just for
anything to count up the frequencies. So maybe I'll open a p R.
And get some credit toward Octoberfest for doing that.
Hmm. That could be cool. Yeah, on
Ben, really? The only other thing to point out about this
word frequency things since we're blazing through it right now. Is
that last week we talked about how maps When the
union together, they're left biased.
So it will just drop the value from the right one. And that's why
here he has to use this union with
function to say no. Don't just drop one of those values. In
fact, combine them together and use addition to combine them together. So we're
counting how often this shows up.
>> Yeah, And I looked at this code and I was like, I feel
like I've written this for, you know, at some
point whether it be in our actual code
or, you know, when I personally been
practicing my high school knowledge, which, you
know, um, I think, actually, the great segue into our
next kind of topic, which is, you know, some other tools to
practice with for us and me
personally, I've used, you know, code wars
and extra schism and advent of
code to kind of, you know,
solve various problems in high school. Uh, the
cool thing about these platforms is that you can,
you know, choose a language maybe you're more familiar with.
There's a lot of languages and
these and even avenue code. You can pick whatever language you want.
You could do it and then expressed spreadsheet. If you could figure out the
logic for that. And you know, I think that's
really nice toe have because then you
know you can reason a reason in
a in a way you already understand. And then you
can, you know, go to the language you're learning
and apply it the knowledge you know there and see
how they compare. And, you know,
there all the questions there's wide
range code wars is what we're using
more recently where you know, there's, you know,
won t eight ky you with one being the most
difficult and eight being, you know, relatively
simple. But it allows you to kind of get your feet
wet and reason about problems
kind of quickly. And then once you've kind of created a
solution, even if it might be a man, I'll be perfect.
You can submit it and see other people solutions,
and you can kind of see like Okay, yeah, that makes sense.
I see where they did this a little bit
better on Ben. You can,
you know, edit it, or you can comment on other people's You can
up both. There's, you know, say, Oh, yeah, That was really
clever. Andi. People can give you feedback on yours as well.
So I think for us, that's been a really good
one. Um, but I think Taylor, I would love for you to talk a
little bit more about avenue of code because I know you've done that
for quite a few years now, E
get through, like, five days, and I'm like, I can't
spend four hours on solving this problem.
>> Advent of code is a ton of fun for those that haven't
heard of it before. It is a yearly programming
challenge leading up to Christmas, where you get a
new problem every day and I forget
when exactly they drop. It's something, uh, not very
convenient for us here on the east coast of the U. S. It's
like midnight UTC or something. So I'm not waking up at 4
a.m. To go to a programming puzzle because they have
a leader board where you can compete against everyone else in the world to see
who does it the quickest. I'm not really in it for the
competition side of it, but it's a good,
interesting mix of problems that build on each
other so often, even if it's not actually
like you use part of the solution for the next solution. They're
thematically related, where they use similar
concepts for solutions. But
there's a very big community around it. And for all of the
problems, the solution that you submit is
some simple text value, so you can solve it with
anything that you want. Like you mentioned Cam. You could do an Excel
spreadsheet or with pencil and paper. And this is
really nice because it gives you the flexibility to say, Well,
maybe I don't know how to solve this in Haskell yet, but I
do know how I would solve it in Java or Python or
whatever language I used before. So I'm going to do it there and
then show that I can come up with the right
solution and then figure out how to convert it over or
just go look at other people's solutions and
try to understand them and see what they're doing. Because maybe I wouldn't have been
able to get there myself. Um, but yeah.
Advent of code, super fun.
>> You know, I was gonna say, I think I'm gonna start submitting
some, uh, Excel spreadsheets as PR's into our code
base. So e mean, it solves the problem,
right?
>> It does. You can submit those, but be ready for
them to be rejected.
>> Okay, that's understandable, but
yeah, I think I think those air other tools that we can
use to prepare for, you know, thinking
quick on our feet because that's kind of what the interview process is all
about is alright. I'm throwing a issue. How
doe I create some resemblance off a
solution in a five minute window.
And the more you expose yourself to
difficult problems and have to reason about difficult
things, the quicker you are to find that
solution or find a solution that at least solves a
problem. Um, I think this week we were
talking to one of our other engineer friends, Cody, and
he was kind of talking and brought up. This proposition of, like,
better is better or worse, is better in the programming
world. And, you know, we could spend a lot of time and
architect the perfect solution and, you know, be better
is better. But if we're not able to
get a solution out there and and get something in front
of a customer or in front of whoever the
stakeholder is like, what are we doing? So kind
of worse is sometimes better because it's there,
it's usable. They know how to deal with it
on DSo. Like getting that practice
with these, you know, coding challenges and things
is gonna help you for different
interviews as you progress in your career
on move from place to place.
Uh, but yeah, you know. And the funny thing
is, like, Taylor, you and I have very different
work experience. Mine
is an intern turned
engineer still working for the same place
for, you know, almost going on five
years now. So that's my experience.
I have done some of these interview questions
and stuff before, but it was right out of
college, which for me, that was really hard to
reason about. Like I had data structures. I had, you
know, all these courses. But I hadn't had any
practice. So for me, it was really difficult to like
put those words into actions. Um,
but luckily, you know, had
opportunities here at pro Aunt had actually a
couple of other opportunities. And they really
value just the ability to verbalize
what you're trying to dio. And so I
would maybe even suggest that you do various
challenges, maybe verbalize and
say I'm doing this solution because
even if it's just you in your room, I still
think that's valuable for you. Moving forward. Yeah,
>> I think that's a good way to get comfortable in
that type of scenario, because clearly an interview coding
challenge isn't exactly the same as your day job. Normally, you're
not in front of a white board or explaining your problem
solution as you're working through it. But
one interesting way to work
on these that I think has become more realistic
recently is to stream your solution or
maybe not stream it, but pretend like you are where Okay, if
I was sitting here and I had my window open and there was a camera on me and I
was streaming on YouTube, how would I
explain to the people watching what it is that I'm doing and why
I'm doing it? Because as someone who has conducted a
fair amount of technical interviews.
That's ultimately what I'm more interested in rather
than can they solve this problem? So if I ask
someone, can you solve the fizz buzz problem? And they say, yes, they
quickly write it on the on the board. That's good. But I would
prefer to hear you know, how they're working through how they're
thinking how they like to approach problems.
>> Yeah, I think the two point back to
the article, I think he does a good job explaining of why he
did what he did and some kind of as you read
through the block post, you have the ability to kind
of see how he reasoned about the problem. Um,
you know, and obviously you hear how how we would reason and
verbalize it, you know, through the podcast.
But yeah, overall, I think this is a great block block
post, and I really think we had a great time today on this On
the on the podcast.
>> Yeah, I sure did. I hope you all had a good
time listening on. I think that will do it for us
today. This has been the high School Weekly
podcast. I'm your host, Taylor Foss AC. And with me
today was Cameron Gara. If you'd like to learn
more about the podcast or our newsletter, please
visit our website Haskell weekly dot News
Or you can catch us on social Media. Our Twitter
handle is Haskell Weekly. Were on Reddit as High School Weekly
were on Git Hub is high school weekly pretty much everywhere we're
asking weekly. Also, if you could take a
minute to go rate and review us on apple
podcasts. We currently have a five star rating
with 16 ratings. So that's 80 stars that people have given us.
And if you want to give us some more, that's great. If you think we suck, let
us know and we'll try to get better. You
>> know, Haskell Weekly podcast is brought to you by I t. Pro
TV, an e learning platform for I
t professionals and also our employer.
But, you know, we would love toe
extend an offer if you're interested in an I t
content, um, to you with a
promo code of high school weekly
30. That is high school
weekly 30 All one word.
Um and if you want to check it
out. You know? Obviously have a free membership. Us. Well,
so come over. I t pro TV. You
know, it's I t pro dot tv. Easy to find.
Easy to see. Um, come check out our great content
and keep hanging out. We really love doing this. And
we really are thankful that I t pro lets us do this.
So it's been a good day, man.
>> Sure has. I'll see you all next week
piece by.